feat(ai) Google Maps Grounding Support (#9458)
firebase/firebase-js-sdk: docs-devsite/ai.googlemapsgroundingchunk.md

Project: /docs/reference/js/_project.yaml
Book: /docs/reference/_book.yaml
page_type: reference

{% comment %}
DO NOT EDIT THIS FILE!
This is generated by the JS SDK team, and any local changes will be
overwritten. Changes should be made in the source code at
https://github.com/firebase/firebase-js-sdk
{% endcomment %}

# GoogleMapsGroundingChunk interface
A grounding chunk from Google Maps.

> Important: If using Grounding with Google Search, you are required to comply with the [Service Specific Terms](https://cloud.google.com/terms/service-terms) for "Grounding with Google Search".

Reviewer: Should this say:

If using Grounding with Google MAPS

Author: Wow, thank you! Fixing it now.

Author: Done. PTAL.

<b>Signature:</b>

```typescript
export interface GoogleMapsGroundingChunk 
```

## Properties

|  Property | Type | Description |
|  --- | --- | --- |

> |  [placeId](./ai.googlemapsgroundingchunk.md#googlemapsgroundingchunkplaceid) | string | This Place's resource name, in <code>places/{place_id}</code> format. This can be used to look up the place in the Google Maps API |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  [placeId](./ai.googlemapsgroundingchunk.md#googlemapsgroundingchunkplaceid) | string | The resource name of the place, in the format <code>places/{place_id}</code>. This value can be used to look up the place using the Google Maps API. |
```

Reviewer: Was this applied?

DDB Response: Yes. Looks like you were looking at an outdated file?

> |  [text](./ai.googlemapsgroundingchunk.md#googlemapsgroundingchunktext) | string | The text of the place answer. |

Reviewer: "answer"?

What's an "answer" in this context?

Author: This phrasing comes from the official Google Maps Grounding documentation, for instance [the Vertex AI documentation](https://docs.cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/reference/rest/v1/GroundingMetadata).

Though I can change it if you would like me to.

Reviewer: Looks like "Place answers" is a new feature added just for this Grounding with Google Maps integration: https://mapsplatform.google.com/resources/blog/grounding-with-google-maps-in-vertex-ai-is-now-in-preview/
